Alpha-Orion Arbitrage Dashboard System
1.	Heading 
a.	Title: Left side:  Alpha-Orion Arbitrage Engine 
b.	Reresh Data ( interval from 1 sec to 30 sec ..in drop down menu on right side 
c.	Wallet Balance ( displays total wallet balance in the wallet management system )
d.	Add Toggle : ETH/USD ( converts using worl-class converter in real time ) 
2.	Sidebars : ( lefit side ; first column ) 
a.	Alpha-copilot ( Gemini intelligence in institutional arbitrage flash loan app; the alpha-copilot is aware of the context of alpha-orion in build-deploy-monitor and optimize life cycle model.
i.	The alpha-copilot is aware of the benchmarking system of alpha-orion
ii.	The alpha orion system inegerates five arbitrage flash loan benchmarks 
iii.	The benchmark system selectes the top ranking metric from the five benchmarking apps ad the optimization engine continually works aimed at matching to or even going above the benchmarks
b.	Monitor ( sidebar) 
i.	Monitors the following metrics 
1.	Profit/trade
2.	Trades/hour
3.	Profit/trade
4.	Latency
5.	Capital velocity
c.	Strategies 
1.	Strageies panel 
a.	Displays share of each strategies contribution to alpha-orion/day  in %; displays a horizontal bar chart …..in color code and strategy name ….ten of the alpha-orion arbitrage strategies in the fist column… 
b.	Add top ten pairs ; and profit share contribution ..in horizontal bar chart ; use clor codes
c.	Add chains metric card
d.	Add number of dexes 
e.	Add flash loan providers by %
f.	
d.	Blockchain stream …l
1.	Lists and displays key blockchain activities as they appear on blockchain in real time 
e.	Optimization
1.	Displays real time optimization activities by metrics 
f.	Setting
1.	Wallet Management System
a.	A wallet panel for uploading and configuring list of wallets ; validates . the columns include; account name, chin; balance, valid/invalid checking column; acending/descending up/down button ( arrow button)  ..last row ..total wallts …total balance …it will have at the each account row: edit/delete button ….
b.	Add profit withdrawak system : auto /manual mode 
i.	For autho mode ..add threshold amount
ii.	For manual add amount of transfer

c.	Add capital velocity slidebar ..control $ 1M to $ 500 M 
d.	Add profit  reinvestment rate ( from 0 % to 100% ) 



